How to run
----------

Step by step, if you are at the root of the repo:
1. `cd example`
2. `npm install ..`
2. `npm install`
3. (Wait a while for > 5348 dependencies to install in `node_modules/`)
4. `npm start`

Note that this installs because.js from `..`. It is only copied once.
So if you make edits to because.js, these won't be reflected until you
reinstall because.js. If you want faster updates for your development workflow,
see the next section.

Also, the react server thingy run by `npm start` may have to be killed and
restarted if it's caching things that were changed. Yes, I know this needs a
better setup, but on the other hand it's just an example.


Local development workflow
--------------------------

This uses `npm link` to make `example` use the `because.js` from the root, then
it runs the webpack watcher to keep `because.js` built for the example to use,
then it uses example's `npm start` to do the normal react app watchy stuff.

(`yarn link` is not working properly yet.)

This assumes there is no `node_modules` or an empty `node_modules` under
`./example`. Otherwise, things won't work properly.

In this case, start from the repo root (NOT from `./example`).

1. `npm link`
   ("unmet dependency" warnings are normal and can probably all be ignored
     here)
2. `cd example`
3. `npm link becausejs`
   (Do this BEFORE npm install)
4. `npm install`
5. `npm start`
5. (in another terminal, or in the background if you prefer) 
   `cd ..; make watch`


Demo Build
----------

This build pipeline is the one provided by `create-react-app` and has some
bugs in it, but it should work with the following steps.

1. Clean up, e.g.: `rm -rf node_modules`
2. Install becausejs: `npm install ..`
3. Install fbjs manually to prevent `react-scripts build` from barfing: `npm
   install fbjs`
4. `npm run build`
   (Do NOT bother running `npm build`, that does nothing and fails silently.)
5. Output is in `build/` and can be uploaded from there as-is.
6. Your web server (or S3, whatever) needs to have been configured to serve
   `index.html` at `/`
7. The generated filenames have cache-busting random strings so you
   probably want to clean out the old files periodically or at every deploy


Create React App Stuff
----------------------

The following was automatically included in the README.md generated by
[Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).
For the latest version of the guide to how to use this thingmabob, look
[here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).
